# Online-Super-Market-Ordering-Application

In our project we made a food cart web application that can be used in a super market and it is controlled by a web application. The main reason we set this up was the current pandemic situation in Sri Lanka. Because a large number of people are flocking to the shops to buy essential items. Our project is very effective for that problem. This is useful to control the risk level of the store, which is increasing the distance. Basically, this robot cart web application which is controlled by a mobile app allows the customer to buy the goods which they want in the store. This design was to create a robot which attached to a cart to identify the required items through the camera screen and insert the required items into the cart. This robot cart system can be controlled from anywhere in the world. 

This way the customers do not have to spend time in the supermarket choosing or buying product and they do not want to stay queue to pay bills. The customer can select the items they want from home or anywhere through the mobile apothem customer can receive orders through delivery partner or drive thru.

Objective 
The corona epidemic has spread rapidly around the world. Therefore, it is difficult for people to lead a normal life. As before, their chances of staying anywhere and with people are minimal. There are also some restrictions on purchasing goods and services. As a result, Consumers are finding it difficult to purchase their daily necessities. So our main objective in this project is to provide an easy way for customers to purchase daily necessities while minimizing access to stores in the face of the current corona epidemic in Sri Lanka. As a solution, we decided to introduce this smart cart web application to our customer
